Add info about Green Reviews WG Slack channel and channel creation process (#252)
cncf/tag-env-sustainability: governance/communication-channels.md

# Process for creating communication channels for TAG Environmental Sustainability

This document describes the process for creating new communication channels for the CNCF TAG Environmental Sustainability (TAG ENV). Examples of such communication channels may be: Slack channels, accounts on social media platforms, etc.

## Process for creating new Slack channels

> All channels must be created under [CNCF](https://slack.cncf.io) Slack. Currently TAG ENV has two Slack channels: main [#tag-environmental-sustainability](https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/C03F270PDU6) channel and Green Reviews Working Group [#wg-green-reviews](https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/C060EDHN431) channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All Slack channels must be created in the [CNCF](https://slack.cncf.io) workspace. TAG ENV has a main channel [#tag-environmental-sustainability](https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/C03F270PDU6) with complementary sub-channels for some working groups or projects. The goal is to always provide the main channel with meaningful information, even if a sub-channel exists. This should be done by posting the message in the main channel and posting a link to the message in the sub-channel. 
```

If a new Slack channel must be created, please ensure that following steps are followed as part of the process:

> * New channel is created under [CNCF](https://slack.cncf.io) Slack

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The channel gets created in the [CNCF](https://slack.cncf.io) workspace
```

> * At least one of the [TAG ENV Leads](https://github.com/cncf/tag-env-sustainability#tag-environmental-sustainability-co-chairs) has approved creation of the new channel

Reviewer: I think we can open an issue for it. To discuss the purpose and reason. I dont think we will create new channels (slack and elsewhere) often so this should be fine.
